So if you ask me,
I think this is kind of magic that you
can give more context to the prompt.
And that's how you do that.
So if you want to create a chat
in your own website that answers
questions from your
frequently asked questions.
Well, you need to pass to GPT,
you are frequently asked question.
And then the user question.
Doesn't make sense and
you need to explain,
you will answer only from
this set of questions.
Things like that, that's how it's done.
But is there any other way?
So because we cannot fine tune
LLMs such as such, chatGPT.
We need to go back to the prompt.
But if you wanna connect GPT to our data,
our databases or
our PDF files,
The magic happens in the context.
And we know that we need to
pass a lot of information In
this chat format that we have.
Typically we pass that in the system
message remember that we have
a dialogue and we can pass a system you
are this and that well there you can
add all the information or
the context that you want to provide.
The problem is that sometimes
the context is too large.
GPT doesn't have memory so we have
to inject the prompt on every call,
which is costly first and
seems like a problem, right?
So for large databases and
documents there is a design pattern.
To split the data and do a search
outside of the model before the prompt.
Let me explain how that works, for
example we can connect GPT with
our own data for a chatbot that
can answer questions locally.
To search transform
summarize our own data.
Or something that is kind
of a final use case that we
see lately a lot is chat with,
chat with a PDF, chat with a video.
So you can chat with these videos
you're watching right now.
In this case We use the caption,
we need to use text for now,
the captions of my voice speaking.
And we can put this into this process
that I will explain in a minute.
And then you can chat with I
know some kind of myself in
the metaverse of GPT,
at least in this video.
So how does it work?
The idea is that if you have an idea of
what you're looking for you first search.
So for example,
someone is asking about how to make from
this video how to make a ChatGPT plugin.
Okay, so you know,
that has to do with ChatGPT plugin.
And I haven't mentioned
ChaGPT in the last hour, so
we know that it's not in that park.
But there is a part of the video
where we mentioned that.
So we search that we
can search in a normal
database in files or data collection.
And then you pass
the result just the piece,
the chunk of text of that part of
the video to ChatGPT as a context.
I know it's a silly.
But sometimes it's easy when
not simple to understand where
in the whole document,
we have the answer for the user.
It's difficult just by
searching by keyword.
It's not so simple.
For example, if you asked me about GPT,
I mentioned GPT over the whole video
1000 times, so
then you will pass the whole video text?
No, we have another solution for that.
And that solution is called embeddings.
And we use a different
kind of database for that.
That open AI is not helping
you with that part.
So, because this is an open AI and
ChatGPT course.
I will give you some hints on
where to look for these APIs, but
we won't cover that today.